feat(docs): Issues display options events as percentage (#3867)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/issues/index.mdx

Learn more about triaging issues and their different states in [Issue States and Triage](/product/issues/states-triage/).

### Display Options

> 

Reviewer: I understand why you placed this where you did, but it interrupts the flow a bit and since most of this content is about the Events as % option, I think it's safe to put it right at the top. Generally we want to put this note near the heading anyway.

```suggestion

<Note>

  The "Events as %" display option is available only if you're in the Early Adopter program. Features available to Early Adopters are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony.

  If you’re interested in being an Early Adopter, you can turn your organization’s Early Adopter status on/off in General Settings. This will affect all users in your organization and can be turned back off just as easily.

</Note>

```

> You can use the display dropdown in the issues page to see error counts as a % of [sessions](/product/releases/health/#session).

Reviewer: Because this section is called "Display Options" not "Events as %", we should probably at least mention both of display options. Suggest:
 
```suggestion
You can use the display dropdown on the **Issues** page to see errors as a count of events or as a percentage of [sessions](/product/releases/health/#session).
```

Author: Yes, looks better.

![Issues display dropdown](issues-events-as-percentage-dropdown.png)

> For this option to be enabled you need to have selected a project that has [release health set up](/product/releases/health/setup) and need to have issues and sessions present in the selected period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option is only enabled when you select a project that has [release health set up](/product/releases/health/setup) and that project has issues and sessions in the selected period.
```

Author: 👍

> With `Events as %` option selected, instead of event counts you will see the issues' events as a % of overall sessions for the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `Events as %` option selected, instead of event counts, you will see the issues' events as a percentage of overall sessions for the project.
```

> <Note>
> 
>   The "Events as %" display option is available only if you're in the Early Adopter program. Features available to Early Adopters are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony.
> 
>   If you’re interested in being an Early Adopter, you can turn your organization’s Early Adopter status on/off in General Settings. This will affect all users in your organization and can be turned back off just as easily.
> 
> </Note>
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ![Issues as a percentage of sessions](issues-events-as-percentage-counts.png)

Reviewer: Check with @robinrendle to see if we can get a better screenshot here. This one is so large that it's hard to get a sense of what the focus should be. He might have a better idea of how to frame this.
